README.md, before:

# Steam Workshop Monitor

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/dixon13/steamws-monitor/blob/master/LICENSE)

An application that monitors steam workshop files for updates

This application is not compatible with MacOS and does not intend on working with MacOS, as most server administrators will be using this on their servers running debian/ubuntu based distributions and Windows 7 and above, and Windows Server 2012 and above

**This project is still in early testing and somethings may not work yet.**

**All functionality and API's are subject to change at any time at this point in development**

![alt text](https://github.com/dixon13/steamws-monitor/blob/master/front-pic.PNG "What it looks like")

## Contribute
Clone this repository

### Requirements
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) ([npm](http://npmjs.com) is installed with Node.js)

Below you will install electron-forge globally and locally so that the binary and cmd files get installed into .bin files in the workspace directory for VS Code's debugger as it will make it easier to share the launch.json file. If you are not going to use Visual Studio Code, then you don't have to install electron-forge locally.

```
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Install electron-forge globally
npm install -g electron-forge
# Install electron-forge locally
npm install electron-forge
# Start app
npm start
```

## Important Development Info
**There is hot reloading but it's not fully functionaly with the redux store so the redux store may not keep it's state.**

If you make changes in the main process, you need to restart the app.

Learn more about Electron and its API in the [documentation](http://electron.atom.io/docs/latest).

Commit message:

Added warning letting everyone know this is no longer developed

README.md, after:

# Steam Workshop Monitor

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/dixon13/steamws-monitor/blob/master/LICENSE)

An application that monitors steam workshop files for updates

### *********** WARNING ***********

> This project is no longer being actively developed as I am working on a new project that would be far supperior to this and I am personally dropping support for this application. It works now but is not perfect. There is no automatic updates unfortunately so if you are using this then you will have to check manually for updates here in the releases section. There will probably few to no updates so you don't have to worry much about updates. Any are welcome to submit PR's for improvements or optimizations.

This application is not compatible with MacOS and does not intend on working with MacOS, as most server administrators will be using this on their servers running debian/ubuntu based distributions and Windows 7 and above, and Windows Server 2012 and above

**This project is still in early testing and somethings may not work yet.**

**All functionality and API's are subject to change at any time at this point in development**

![alt text](https://github.com/dixon13/steamws-monitor/blob/master/front-pic.PNG "What it looks like")

## Contribute
Clone this repository

### Requirements
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) ([npm](http://npmjs.com) is installed with Node.js)

Below you will install electron-forge globally and locally so that the binary and cmd files get installed into .bin files in the workspace directory for VS Code's debugger as it will make it easier to share the launch.json file. If you are not going to use Visual Studio Code, then you don't have to install electron-forge locally.

```
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Install electron-forge globally
npm install -g electron-forge
# Install electron-forge locally
npm install electron-forge
# Start app
npm start
```

## Important Development Info
**There is hot reloading but it's not fully functionaly with the redux store so the redux store may not keep it's state.**

If you make changes in the main process, you need to restart the app.

Learn more about Electron and its API in the [documentation](http://electron.atom.io/docs/latest).
